com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/siteweb/GetJoueur.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.siteweb.GetJoueur
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/siteweb/GetScore.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.siteweb.GetScore
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/siteweb/AddJoueur.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.siteweb.AddJoueur
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/siteweb/AddScore.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.siteweb.AddScore
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/score/AffScore.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.score.AffScore
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/score/Score.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.score.Score
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/score/TestMain.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.score.TestMain
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/utility/AnimatedGameObject.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.utility.AnimatedGameObject
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/utility/Inventory.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.utility.Inventory
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/utility/GameObject.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.utility.GameObject
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/utility/ChangingCursor.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.utility.ChangingCursor
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/EscapeFromLannionCity.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.EscapeFromLannionCity
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/identify/Pseudo.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.identify.Pseudo
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/menu/ButtonOpenMenu.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.menu.ButtonOpenMenu
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/score/ReviewScore.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.score.ReviewScore
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/identify/Accueil.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.identify.Accueil
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/screens/AmphiEnssat.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.screens.AmphiEnssat
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/screens/Warp.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.screens.Warp
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/sauvegarde/SWarp.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.sauvegarde.SWarp
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/menu/Menu.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.menu.Menu
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/identify/Login.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.identify.Login
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/menu/MenuPrincipal.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.menu.MenuPrincipal
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/screens/ParcStAnne.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.screens.ParcStAnne
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/sauvegarde/SAmphiEnssat.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.sauvegarde.SAmphiEnssat
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/utility/FlavorText.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.utility.FlavorText
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/sauvegarde/SParcStAnne.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.sauvegarde.SParcStAnne
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/screens/UI.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.screens.UI
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.screens.UI$1
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/menu/MenuPrincipal2.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.menu.MenuPrincipal2
com/mygdx/escapefromlannioncity/identify/Signup.java
 com.mygdx.escapefromlannioncity.identify.Signup
